c:\users\macbook\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\bin\Debug\CardGame.exe.config
c:\users\macbook\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\bin\Debug\CardGame.exe
c:\users\macbook\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\bin\Debug\CardGame.pdb
c:\users\macbook\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\BlackJack.BlackJackForm.resources
c:\users\macbook\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\BlackJack.OptionsForm.resources
c:\users\macbook\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\BlackJack.StartForm.resources
c:\users\macbook\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\BlackJack.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\macbook\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\Blackjack1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\macbook\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\CardGame.exe
c:\users\macbook\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\CardGame.pdb
C:\Users\Macbook\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\bin\Debug\CardGame.exe.config
C:\Users\Macbook\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\CardGame.exe
C:\Users\Macbook\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\CardGame.pdb
C:\Users\Macbook\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\bin\Debug\CardGame.exe
C:\Users\Macbook\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\bin\Debug\CardGame.pdb
C:\Users\Macbook\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\Blackjack1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Macbook\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\BlackJack.BlackJackForm.resources
C:\Users\Macbook\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\BlackJack.OptionsForm.resources
C:\Users\Macbook\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\BlackJack.StartForm.resources
C:\Users\Macbook\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\BlackJack.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Macbook\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blackjack1\Blackjack1\obj\Debug\Blackjack1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
